# Machine-Learning-AB-Testing
A/B Testing ML Workbench
The Machine-Learning-AB-Testing project is about implementing Machine Learning techniques for A/B testing in a step-by-step manner. A/B testing is a popular method used to determine the effectiveness of digital marketing efforts, such as changes in landing pages, popup forms, article titles, and other digital marketing decisions. The goal of A/B testing is to improve conversion rates and ultimately customer purchasing behavior.

Traditional statistical-inference approaches to A/B testing only compare two variables - an experiment/control to an outcome. However, customer behavior is vastly more complex than this, with users having different characteristics, spending different amounts of time on the website, finding the website differently, and taking different paths. This is where Machine Learning excels - generating insights from complex systems.

## Goals
The project aims to provide a step-by-step walkthrough for implementing machine learning for A/B testing in R using three different algorithms: Linear Regression, Decision Trees, and XGBoost. The goal of the project is to gain enrollments by developing a story for what contributes to the goal, and a learning recommendation for those who want to learn how to implement machine learning following best practices for any business problem.

The project explains that A/B testing involves running two tests in parallel - a treatment group (Group A) that is exposed to the new web page, popup form, etc., and a control group (Group B) that experiences no change from the current setup. The goal of the A/B test is to compare the conversion rates of the two groups using statistical inference.

The project highlights that unlike statistical inference, Machine Learning algorithms enable us to model complex systems that include all of the ongoing events, user features, and more. There are a number of algorithms each with strengths and weaknesses. An attractive benefit to Machine Learning is that we can combine multiple approaches to gain insights.

To illustrate the use of Machine Learning techniques for A/B testing, the project provides a step-by-step walkthrough of an experiment conducted by Udacity. The experiment involves testing a change where if the student clicked “start free trial”, they were asked how much time they had available to devote to the course. If the student indicated 5 or more hours per week, they would be taken through the checkout process as usual. If they indicated fewer than 5 hours per week, a message would appear indicating that Udacity courses usually require a greater time commitment for successful completion. The goal with this popup was to set clearer expectations for students upfront, thus reducing the number of frustrated students who left the free trial because they didn’t have enough time. The project investigates which features are contributing to enrollments and determines if there is an impact on enrollments from the new “Setting Expectations” form.
